Go Beckley Tepe.
The world's oldest and largest megalithic structure ever found is back in the
news.
Like it never has before you may have seen the headlines going all around the
world. In fact,
I would venture to say that every single media outlet on the planet earth has
made an article about this declaring that go Beckley Tepe is temple that
was utilized and created by a skull cult.
And in case you didn't see the thumbnail of this video,
that's what I think about that. And I'm gonna explain exactly why <laugh>,
but first, if you're not familiar with go Beckley Tepe,
let me just share with you a few key points about it. It's in Turkey,
it's dated at 11,600 years old, at least because that was the point in time.
And when it was deliberately buried by humans.
And I'll explain that in just a second,
it's 50 times larger than Stonehenge and nearly 6,000 years older,
it is, it covers an area of 22 acres at least. And they have only excavated,
not even 10% of it.
It has more than 200 pillars that they know of as they verify through ground
penetrating radar.
Many of which are more than 20 feet tall and weigh at least 20 to 30 tons.
What makes it even more interesting is it has sculptures of animals throughout,
which are three dimensional.
They quite literally went the most difficult route possible that instead of just
chiseling away, they chiseled around the area to incredibly high precision.
How did they do that?
Or why did they go to such a great extent to make it that much more precise?
And especially by the way, no one knows who made this it's 12,000 years ago.
Let's not forget that the Sumerians and Mesopotamia are allegedly the birthplace
civilization and that dates back 6,000 years.
So when go Beckley TAPPI was discover 1994,
it completely just astonished archeologists and scientists from around the
world. In that it just completely debunked what we thought we knew about, uh,
the true history of human civilization yet mainstream science has been beyond
hesitant to address the site of go Backley Tappe and to make this site even more
confusing to scientists, it has a celestial orient. In fact,
it is the very first structure in the world to have a perfectly north south
facing structure. And when I say north we're talking true north,
which is more precise than a compass because a compass is affected by magnetic
declination. How in the world did a civilization 12,000 years ago?
How are they able to orient something,
a massive structure of this size or any structure at all to true north?
How were they even able to identify it to quote literally a perfect orientation?
I mean,
what year was it that we were able to establish true north precisely in modern
civilization?
Now let me get back to the sensational headlines that are going all over planet
earth right now scientists have found 408,
eight skull fragments that contain cut marks within them,
as well as some drill holes. Now out of these 408 fragments,
only a few of them actually have any type of cut marks on them whatsoever.
In fact, only enough for three skulls.
That's right out of hundreds of bone fragments, they have found,
they have found an equivalent of three skulls that have cut marks in them and
drill holes.
So they've concluded that the whole area was utilized by a skull cult and it was
a temple. Now I have researched go Beckley. Tappe quite a bit.
So when I first saw this, I instantly had some concern. So I decided to read,
read the fine print, as well as read the actual publication.
And what you'll see here is the low science,
a a a S which stands for the American association for the advancement of
science, which by the way, is the world's largest,
general scientific society of peer. Uh,
peer review journals happens to mention that these skull for fragments only date
back between 10 and 7,000 years, wait a second.
There's a discrepancy there. I mean,
they acknowledge that this site dates back nearly 12,000 years,
but these skull fragments only date back seven to 10,000 years.
And we know through a overwhelming amount of organic material that has been
dated to 11,600 years, which is just universally accepted for the, uh,
timeframe that this site was buried. But now they have skull fragments that are,
that arrived thousands of years later, huh?
They claim that depictions and carvings on these stone pillars, uh,
depict human decapitations of a human skull,
and that these were clearly symbolic of a,
a skull cult and that they must have danged and STR about and hung about skulls,
human skulls, all around the area to, uh, scare away enemies.
That's their hypothesis. However,
this publication completely emits any information whatsoever about the, well,
you may have seen the headlines from April of this year,
where scientists and astronomers and archeologists have pieced together,
various depictions throughout these stone pillars that they suggest actually
depicts a cosmic impact with planet earth. In fact,
they theorize that these depictions are actually of star constellations,
which just so happened to match up perfectly with that frame of time of when the
star constellations would've been in that view and that direction of the sky,
which by the way,
a just so happens to orient itself with the timeframe of when there was a cosmic
impact here on earth, 11,600 years ago, which I'll get into in just one second.
Now, if you're not aware already,
and I've discussed this in numerous other videos,
and I'm working on another video with new information, uh,
that I'm piecing together,
but there was absolutely some sort of cosmic event here on earth,
approximately thousand 600 years ago. And another event
12,980 years ago give or take five years. I mean,
the evidence for this is overwhelming. There is a black mat layer,
which encompasses more than 50 million square kilometers of the Earth's surface.
And it contains nano diamonds, melt glass, extraterrestrial,
helium Iridium,
which by the Iridium and extraterrestrial helium come from outer space.
Iridium is what makes up almost all meteorites.
This just so happens to coincide with the most recent data,
take it from ice core samples from Antarctica in Greenland that showed that
11,600 years ago,
there was a massive rise of global sea levels of more than 400 feet that
happened in a very short period of time.
And that period of time also coincides with a massive extinction event where you
had 75% of all mammals in north America go extinct and it's mysterious.
Scientists have never been to identify why that happened, which by the way,
120 species of mega or animals larger than 100 pounds or
included in that, uh, mass extinction level event. Some of which, by the way,
you've never seen before these animals are incredible looking. I mean,
<laugh> take, for example, the, the short faced bear,
which is humongous or even the giant grounds slot. I mean,
these things are just incredible and most people have never even seen them
before.
So you have all those events that happened approximately 11th in 600 years ago.
And then you have go Beckley Tepe,
which is universally agreed upon to have been buried by humans 11,600 years
ago. The whole site of go Beckley Tepe, which by the way,
in the Turkish language means pot belly pig,
that this is an unusual hill and the entire hill itself is quite literally
gravel stone and rocks that were filled in the quite literally with buckets or
wheelbarrows. I mean, just to paint you a picture,
I'm not suggesting that's what the engines utilized,
but someone people bury this site, they didn't destroy it.
They didn't knock down the pillars. I mean,
surely if they had the capability of lifting these stone pillars, I mean,
I didn't discuss by the way. I mean, how did they cut and carve these stones,
how they lift them 12,000 years ago, that's a holy D whole different, uh,
topic in itself, but primitive methods can accomplish these things. Uh,
so of course they could have just knocked them down, right.
But yet they chose to bury this site.
And when you see these walls that surround, uh,
go back Tapp and also within itself,
these are simply where the archeologists that have conducted the excavations
have simply placed the stones. So these walls that you're seeing here,
that's not the aim ancient walls that they made,
what the site itself is of the stone pillars.
So despite all the most recent data and evidence,
it shows you that there's something massive that happened 11,600 years ago,
science, a a, a S just completely neglects it all together.
Now I've studied the topic of ancient human civilization quite a bit.
And I've observed that quite literally is a massive coverup within
mainstream science regarding the true history of ancient human civilization.
You could say just that maybe a bunch of egos get in the way or that maybe a
bunch of people's.
They have their careers that have been based upon a narrative that well has been
debunked. So the question of why there's a quote,
unquote coverup as I would call it, or as many people have,
have referred to it as that's, that's debatable, let's not get into that.
What I wanna discuss is the relationship between Monsanto and science,
a a a S quite literally,
they have been bought and paid for by Monsanto and the number of articles that
have come out where they defend Monsanto ha is unbelievable. Actually,
there's so many of them, in fact,
so many that even the freaking huffing post made an article about it all
together. So I dug a little bit deeper and I saw that science, a, a,
a S has declared on multiple years that Monsanto has been employer
of the year company of the year leader of innovation and all kinds of other
awards, most of which aren't even included when I check Wikipedia,
which go figure Wikipedia such nevermind on that.
I'll make a video on that all together someday. So where am I going with this?
Well,
why can we trust an organization that has been bought and paid for by a
disgraceful organization or any organization? This is supposed to be science,
which is supposed to be based on yet.
They've clearly been bought and paid for the evidence of this goes far beyond
Monsanto, by the way, dig into this and look into them for yourselves.
But does anyone in the right mind actually think that a,
that a skull cult is who formed this? The site of go Beckley depe,
really a massive site. Like I said, only not even 10% of it has been excavated.
It come covers more than 22 acres. It's 50 times bigger than Stonehenge.
They somehow have the capability of cut and carving these stones in methods, uh,
with three dimensional art. It clearly has a celestial orientation,
and somehow they knew precisely the direction of true north,
which is pretty incredible, but science, a, a,
a S just completely omits and neglects this information altogether.
And instead they come up with, I mean, a skull cult narrative. I mean,
you can just smell the BS here, guys. Am I the only one? I don't know,
this is the reason why some people theorize it perhaps go Beckley.
Tepi maybe a time capsule of some kind that maybe whoever designed this and
created it so many years ago.
So far ago that we have no about it altogether that maybe they want to preserve
it.
So that way civilization moving forward would have a heads up and be able to see
or predict the next CATA event, which we know happens in cycles. And anyways,
I'll leave it at that. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight.
Like can subscribe and let me comment, let me know what your thoughts are,
but I have many other videos to come on a whole wide variety topics,
take care of everybody.